CHANGELOG updates ahead of v4.0.0 release (#592)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-github: CHANGELOG.md

## 4.0.0 (November 9, 2020)

BREAKING CHANGES:

- `pattern` replaces `branch` in changes to `github_branch_protection` introduced in `v3.1.0` ([#566](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-github/issues/566))
- `dismissal_restrictions` documented for `github_branch_protection` ([#569](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-github/pull/569))
- project license changes from MPL2 to MIT ([#591](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-github/pull/591))

BUG FIXES:

> - `repository` re-instated alongside `repository_id` for `github_branch_protection` ([#566](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-github/issues/566))

Author: This is not yet implemented, but will take a pass at it today as requested [here](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-github/issues/566#issuecomment-713709445).

/cc @onwsk8r

Author: ```suggestion
- `repository_id` for `github_branch_protection` accepts repository name as well as node ID([#593](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-github/issues/593))
```
